Come see me right away
Grandpa is working hours now
I still have a lot of documents to deal with
I'll say it one last time
You and the trash come to see me right away
I'll go in after supper, no matter what grandpa says
You don't talk
I'll answer just right
Yo this is not my beautiful cousin with his
Waste husband?
Cousin, you are the president of Zhongtian Group
Going out represents the face of Zhongtian
How can you find a useless husband?
Cousin or
I'll ask the commissar to introduce you to a friend of his
Although there is no excellent political commissar
But find any one
Better than your useless husband
I'm so old and still living at home
Who the hell is trash? Am I wrong?
In addition
If supper is a waste
Some people don't even like trash
Supper, this is Bai's house
What qualifications do you have to quit?
Get out of here
Don't embarrass yourself here